you are now listening to fuck around on
squad don't get slope to juvie in the
cut because already know we got home and
bam and Marie spot you there's no I oh
shit all the way you bump into tape
where you live with so so fuck around
with my nigga stay bound the kid hey be
it's why we do this shit for real from
Dorchester the visi as we scream man
freeze and niffenegger talk shit a role
of betta me he shut out hands die ops
rosae kiddies niggas no brakes trace
never change for the convo neon glow
white niggas await rolled up under six
booze boys I detective II wasn't gonna
play in the backseat roll the windows
down I'm screaming on wanna die to think
I'm I'm funny my from cooling out of my
key crib then later all the guys
throwing a session that Daryl shit bitch
we all see
PK so you know it's fucked and papas
these my coals begin the top man we call
on Denny bloodless step out alive on guy
to gotcha color man he got the shots I
to clean your blood far from up the way
that gas me up and Posey will think we
better get to the top forty eight forty
night that's dumb block the suspect you
get rotting meat you ain't got no chance
fuck you tombout get here to make it
Lena snatches chain like follow my dick
alright polo like KP squat cuz his hit
squad it s been watching jugs making
been so naughty call me Taylor man
cannon know my arm got me dropping bombs
like megaman my niggas ain't shaking as
they raise it fast spray in Cannes party
when that wretched blimey kick back like
Jackie Chan is what is this such nigga
will fuck with your fuck niggas before
six wassup nigga you a valley boy I'll
fuck with you ose
love nigga UAB turn up nigga you young
money pull
other words you fuck nigga I ain't tough
niggas on me I hate tough niggas I pull
this car to pee Club nigga I'll run a
ball on white bread nigga so you tough
nigga boom boom wassup nigga no don't
get up nigga outdoor sleep fuck niggas
niggas rest we exterminators you exit
out I'm the terminator I'm all of a
fucking word play your bullets running
backs like Gale Sayers sea legs but
you're not niggas trippin I asleep every
Saigon the Clippers call me in the alley
oop grain gonna wake plate berkshire i
do the dirt then i do that this is not a
nigga missing that's a great kitchen
squid girl no witness nobody that's a
queen mission given wings he fly away
part of me tomorrow your dad a living
for tomorrow getting holiday check it
autumn are and oh shut up late plan for
a nigga takin no food say shotcalling
brother hard and created players don't
do cake he struck me for a dime he don't
meet my 5000 I gave him nine knows from
his squad shit listen DJ you easy
excuses well turn that shit to the max